<!--html_preserve-->
<img src="data:image/png;base64,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" alt="logo" style="position:absolute; top:0; right:0; padding:10px;width:200px"/><!--/html_preserve-->

About the app
=============

*VORONOYS* is a group composed of 4 statisticians and a political
scientist. Its beginning was motivated by the first challenge of CEPES
Data, in which the main objective was to show new perspectives on the
Brazilian elections. The name is based on the mathematical technique
used in this work called Voronoi tessellation.

Links
=====

Live version: [Voronoys - Live
app](https://voronoys.shinyapps.io/voronoys/) RStudio cloud: [Voronoys -
RStudio cloud](https://voronoys.shinyapps.io/voronoys/) GitHub:
[Voronoys - Github](https://github.com/voronoys/voronoys_sc)

Quick reading: Highlights
=========================

This tool provide to user a deep access to brazilian election results.
It is possible to create general maps, plots, and tables by states and
cities as well investigate some under reported analysis as the case of
the number of coalitions for example. As Brazil has nowadays 35 parties
the user have a huge number of possibilities of analisys in our tool.

Beside the general visualizations we also provide a new way to
investigate brazilian elections. In Brazil, electoral data has four main
aggregation levels, they are: the state, municipality, electoral zone
and electoral section. The lower level, which is the electoral sections,
does not have any administrative division, i.e., it is just an address
and not an area. Considering that socio-demographic variables can be
useful to explain the election outcome, we are interested in aggregate
such kind of data, provided by the Instituto Brasileiro de Geografia e
Estatistica (IBGE) in small areas called census sectors. The variables
extracted from the census sectors to the electoral sections are income,
household, illiteracy rate, proportion of white people, and proportion
of women. The outcome of interest, present on electoral section data, is
the proportion of votes in each party. Then it is possible to understand
the characteristics of voters of each party as well a smoothed result of
the election at a electoral section level (voronoi cells).

With this tool it is possible to check some hypothesys about
characteristics of each party voters. Is it true that low-income people
vote in left-wing parties? And white people? Feel free to check the
voters of our 35 parties!

![](www/img/voronoys.png)

General idea
============

Our main aim is to provide a non conventional tool to visualize
brazilian election in which the user is able to understand the
information clearly and directly. This way everyone is able to use and
understand this tool.

A differential of our app is the possibility to visualize brazilian
elections in a less agregated level. Nowadays the lowest areal level in
which we can analise election data is municipalities. We are providing a
way to visualize the elections inside each city because we believe that
big cities have a huge variety of realities and then a unique score for
each city is not representative. To visualize the results in each city
we used the voronoi tesseletaion technique to create polygons using by
indexes the address of electoral sections in São Paulo state.

We assumed that voters prefer to vote near their houses. Then using
censitary informations we can contrast two layers of polygons: 1)
censitary regions; 2) voronoi cells created using electoral sections.
Then it is possible to compare populations of different parties and
understand their main characteristics.

Visualizations
==============

The first screen give to user four tabs:

![](www/img/home.png)

General analisys
----------------

in this tab the user can find visualizations at federal and state level.
Winners by state/city and number of votes of each candidate are some
examples of outputs in this tab.

![](www/img/eleicoes_gerais.png)

Parties
-------

Here it is possible to understand how political parties are related in
federal and state level. The parties more represented in each state,
coalitions, and socio-demographic information of the politicians in each
party are some example of outputs in this tab.

![](www/img/partidos.png)

Candidates
----------

Here it is to see the voronoi methodology in pratice and also personal
information of each politician. Socio-demographic information of parties
voters and votes by city of each politician are some example of outputs
in this tab.

![](www/img/candidatos.png)

![](www/img/voronoi2.png)

We have restricted data for the years 2014 and 2016 for operational
reasons.
